Page 1: Title page (cover)
Gabriel the Brave: The Story of the Christmas Tree Angel 
Page 2: copyright page (inside cover)
Page 3: disclaimer statement
While this story is a work of fiction, my hope is that it will help children learn to trust in God when facing life’s challenges. No matter how impossible they might seem.

After all, why do we put a Star or Angel at the top of the Christmas tree?

Page 4
A long time ago in Heaven, a young angel named Gabriel lived where clouds stood tall as mountains and the sunshine never dimmed. He was a bright and curious angel, always eager to learn and help. But he was also a bit shy, especially when it came to big tasks.
Page 5
One day, God, the all-powerful creator of everything, said he had a special mission for Gabriel. 
Page 6 and 7 in two images  
(P6) "Gabriel," God's voice boomed, "I have a task for you, a very important one. (P7) You are to travel to Earth and deliver a message to a young woman named Mary. She will give birth to my son, Jesus, who will save the world!"
Page 8
Gabriel's heart pounded. He'd never been chosen for such a significant mission. "Me, Lord?” his voice shaking. 
God smiled, "You have a kind heart and a gentle spirit. You are the perfect angel for this brave task."
Page 9 
 Still uneasy, Gabriel accepted his task. He tried to believe in himself as God believed in him.

Page 10 and 11 
(P10) In the small town of Nazareth lived a kind and pure young woman named Mary. (P11) One night, as Mary was going about her chores, a bright light filled her room. Mary jumped back, and a young, clumsy angel crashed through her window. It was Gabriel. 
Page 12
With haste and excitement, Gabriel burst through the window, knocking over some baskets. "Mary! You have found favor with God. You will have a special son who will bring joy to the world, and his name will be Jesus!" 
Page 13
With that, Gabriel flew off just as fast as he arrived. She had never seen an angel before, and the news was overwhelming. But she trusted in God and accepted her task.
Page 14
As Gabriel returned to heaven, he felt relieved. He had completed his task, but he wondered, “Did I do a good job on that message?”
Page 15
God Said, “Gabriel, you have done well! Now you must help a star shine the way for people to find my son, Jesus. Shine your light into the star as bright as you can to show everyone that Jesus is born!” 
Page 16 split pictures (struggles / Hand on shoulder)
As he tried to shine his light in the star over Bethlehem, he barely made any light at all.  His stomach began to sink, and his throat tightened, “I can’t do it!” he shouted. Then he felt a hand on his shoulder.
Page 17 Split pictures (light filling him / bursting star)
It was God, his voice didn’t boom this time, as God said, “Through me all things are possible.” Gabriel felt warmth like a flash through his body.
Page 18 and 19 in a double spread 
He burst into light and lit the brightest star in the sky. Everyone for miles around could see the star above Bethlehem. It was Gabriel guiding them to the birthplace of Jesus Christ, the Lord’s one and only son.

Page 20
"Well done, Gabriel!" God said, his voice filled with joy. "Now you must go and tell the shepherds that Jesus has come!” Gabriel's heart jumped! He realized that God had chosen him not because he was perfect, but because he was willing to trust in Him.
Page 21
From that day on, Gabriel carried himself with newfound confidence, knowing that with God's guidance, he could do anything. He joyfully went as fast as he could to watch the birth of Jesus. 
Page 22
And so, the story of the birth of Jesus unfolded. Thanks to Gabriel’s bravery, that’s why we place an angel or a star at the top of a Christmas tree every year. 
Page 23
When you see the star on your tree, remember that through God all things are possible. No matter how hard they might seem.  
Page 24—Dedication 
“To my own brave boys. You are my armor every time I leave for work. You are my smile when I am nervous. You are my shining light when I am lost. I love you.”
“To my wonderful wife. This story would never have happened if it wasn’t for your idea for the book and constant support. With all my heart, I love you”

Page 25 - author and illustrator bios
Carter Amon (Author)
Carter Amon is a Marine Corps veteran with a bachelor's degree in business. He resides in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex in Texas with his wife, Sarah, a Nurse Practitioner, and their two boys, Hank and Dean. Gabriel the Brave is Carter’s first authored book and a passion project born of Sarah's inspiration from a simple question their sons asked one year. "Why do we put an angel at the top of the tree?"

Darryl Erby (Illustrator & Designer)
Darryl Erby is a software sales executive with an MBA in Data Analytics and a deep-seated passion for technology. He and his wife, Jessica, live in the Dallas-Fort Worth area with their two sons, Nigel and Isaac. Darryl utilized an AI-driven approach to create consistent and vibrant illustrations and design elements in Gabriel the Brave. 

A Note on the Friendship
Carter and Darryl first met in second grade and have been friends for over 33 years. Their bond was forged through childhood adventures, from playing together with Legos to sharing spiritual growth by being together at church every Sunday and Wednesday and attending annual summer church camps.
In a powerful alignment of legacies, Darryl’s youngest son, Isaac, and Carter’s son, Dean, even share the same birthday: August 4th. The two fathers hope the wisdom and lessons of courage and friendship instilled in their book will encourage their sons, and all young readers, to be the powerful lions of their own generation




