Cover: “Gabriel the brave, a Christmas story”
Inside Cover: blank
Page 1 – Blank (maybe logo)
Page 2 – Copyright / disclaimer
-Copyright-
Disclaimer: While this story is a work of fiction, my hope is that it will help children learn to trust in God when facing life’s challenges, no matter how impossible they might seem.

Page 3- the text aligned center?
After all Hey Daddy, why do we put a Star or Angel at the top of
the Christmas tree?

Page 4
A long time ago in Heaven, lived a young angel named Gabriel. lived where clouds stood tall as mountains and the sunshine never dimmed.  He was a bright and curious angel, always eager to learn and help. But he was also a bit shy, especially when it came to big tasks.

Page 5
GABRIEL God’s voice boomed
Gabriel jumped, his heart pounding in his chest. He was so startled by the booming voice—and so nervous about what God might want need—that he squeezed his delicate harp with all his might.

Switch Pages 6 & 7?
Page 6 (if we don’t switch the pages)
SNAP!
“Snap! A string popped, then another. Gabriel looked up at his broken harp, filling him with doubt. He thought, “If I can’t even take care of my little harp, how can I do anything right?”

Page 7 (perfect)
“I have a task for you, a very important one. You are to travel to Earth and deliver a message to a young woman named Mary. She will give birth to my son, Jesus, who will save the world!”



Page 8 (perfect)
Gabriel’s heart pounded. He’d never been chosen for such a significant mission.

“Me, Lord?” his voice shaking.

Page 9 (perfect)
God smiled, "You have a kind heart and a gentle spirit. You are the perfect angel for this important task." Gabriel smiled back and stretched his wings. He knew he had to be brave.

Still uneasy, Gabriel accepted his task. He tried to believe in himself as Go]’;p]d believed in him.

Page 10
In Nazareth lived a kind and pure young woman named Mary. She was going to marry Joseph. One day, on her way to finish her chores, she stopped by to see Joseph; he always saved the best fruit for her family.

Page 11 (perfect)
While doing her chores, a bright light filled her room. The light felt warm, like the sunshine on her face. Mary looked up, wondering where the beautiful glow was coming from.



Page 12 (perfect)
Mary jumped back, and a young, clumsy angel crashed through her window. It was Gabriel, knocking things over and making a mess!

Page 13 (perfect)
“Mary! You have found favor with God. You will have a special son who will bring joy to the world, and his name will be Jesus!”

Page 14 (perfect)
Mary was surprised to see an angel, but she trusted in God’s messenger and accepted her task.

Page 15 (perfect)-semi colon to comma
As Gabriel returned to heaven, he wondered,
“Did I do a good job?”

Page 16 (perfect)
“Well done, Gabriel!” God’s voice echoed. “Now, you must
help a special star shine brightly over Bethlehem.
Shine your light into the Star of Bethlehem so everyone can
find my son, Jesus.



*Page 17* Still Not Fixed
“I can’t do it!”
Gabriel tried with all his might, pushing his light towards it,
but nothing happened. He barely made a sparkle! 

His stomach began to sink, and his throat tightened. “I just can’t do it!” he cried, tears welling in his eyes. Just then,     Then, he felt a warm and gentle hand on his shoulder.

Page 18-19 (I would like Gods eyes to at least be cropped / blurred, tell me what you think)
“Through me, all things are possible. Now, shine.”
(perfect wording)
As God spoke, a warmth spread through Gabriel’s body. All his fear and doubt melted away. He felt strong, confident, and BRAVE!

Page 20 (perfect) (I like that you lowered the text away from the camel butts!)
A golden light burst across the entire sky. Everyone could
see the Star of Bethlehem, guiding the way to the birthplace
of Jesus, the Lord’s one and only son.

Page 21 (I really liked this rewrite)
Gabriel the Brave gathered the shepherds, and with a
joyful heart, guided them to Bethlehem. There, in a stable,
they found Mary and Joseph with baby Jesus.




Page 22
That’s why, every year, we place an angel or star at the top of our Christmas tree. It is a reminder of Gabriel’s bravery the Bravety. Who helped light the way to the birth of Jesus Christ, and a reminder that through God, all things are possible!

Page 23 - Dedication
“To my own brave boys. You are my armor every time I leave for work. You are my smile when I am nervous. You are my shining light when I am lost. I love you.”
“To my wonderful wife. This story would never have happened if it wasn’t for your idea for the book and constant support. With all my heart, I love you”

Page 24 - author and illustrator bios
Carter Amon (Author)
Carter Amon is a Marine Corps veteran with a bachelor's degree in business. He resides in the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex in Texas with his wife, Sarah, a Nurse Practitioner, and their two boys, Hank and Dean. Gabriel the Brave is Carter’s first authored book and a passion project born of Sarah's inspiration from a simple question their sons asked one year. "Why do we put an angel at the top of the tree?"

Darryl Erby (Illustrator & Designer)
Darryl Erby is a software sales executive with an MBA in Data Analytics and a deep-seated passion for technology. He and his wife, Jessica, live in the Dallas-Fort Worth area with their two sons, Nigel and Isaac. Darryl utilized an AI-driven approach to create consistent and vibrant illustrations and design elements in Gabriel the Brave. 

Back Cover: just a Christmas tree in a field with a star
Tree with a star and logo in the left bottom corner for TYMBER books

